Internal: Docs - UI & Data Hooks [ED-2010] (#13963)
elementor/elementor: docs/core/common/assets/js/api/core/hooks/ui.md

> ## API -  `$e.hooks.ui`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## API - `$e.hooks.ui`
```
OCD is fun 😀

*  **Description**: `$e.hooks.ui` api is manager of _UI_ hooks, allow you to create custom **logic** 

> that runs *after/before/catch* the command without effect the data *elementor* data model and history,

Reviewer: Like above about the `catch`.

> *  **Description**: `$e.hooks.ui` api is manager of _UI_ hooks, allow you to create custom **logic** 
> that runs *after/before/catch* the command without effect the data *elementor* data model and history,
> the hooks attached to `$e.commands` and each  _event_ being fired when command is running.
> Mainly used for UI/View manipulation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  **Description**: `$e.hooks.ui` API is a manager of _UI_ hooks that allows you to create custom **logic** 
that runs *before/after/catch* the command without affecting the *elementor* data model and history.
The hooks are attached to `$e.commands`, and each _event_ is being fired when a command is running.
Mainly used for UI/View manipulation.
```

        // Important: Available to run in the console but depends on $e.components example#1.
        
        class CustomUIHook extends $e.modules.hookUI.After {
           getCommand() {
               // Command to listen.
               return 'custom-component/example';
           }
        
           getId() {
               // Unique id for the hook.
               return 'custom-component-example-ui-hook';
           }
        
           getConditions( args ) {
               // Conditions for the hook to be applied.
               if ( args.toggleClass ) {
                   return true;
               }
        
               return false;
           }
        
           /*
            * The actual hook logic.
            */
           apply( args, result ) {
               console.log( 'My hook custom logic', 'args: ', args, 'result: ', result );
        
               // Add 'custom-component' class for all div elements.
               jQuery.find( 'div' ).forEach( ( $div ) => {
                   $div = jQuery( $div );
        
                   $div.addClass( 'custom-component' );

>                } );

Reviewer: jQuery 🤢

Author: Handled.

               console.log( 'My hook custom logic', 'args: ', args, 'result: ', result );
        
               // Add 'custom-component' class for all div elements.
               document.querySelectorAll( 'div' ).forEach( 
                 ( element ) => element.classList.add( 'custom-component' ) 

>                );

Reviewer: 😍
